I'm so sorry.
He spoiled me.
It doesn't matter at all, Uncle Ye
I'm the best at training this kind of rebellion
A stinky and hard-tempered person
You can swallow it.
That's repulsive.
Otherwise, you will be wronged to be a security guard in the company now.
Slowly protect him secretly
What do you think about building a good relationship after a long time?
Uncle Yan, you have saved our mother and son's life
I will naturally fill your order.
Sure enough, I saw the right person.
That's it for now
Then Uncle Ye, I'll go back and see my mother first
See you tomorrow at our company.
Ok, I won't send it.
Thank you Uncle Ye
Mom
I'm back!
Aaron
It's really you?
You are back.
Well, I'm back.
Why haven't you heard from me for so many years?
In the past two years, I have done some things abroad
I can't get in touch with you.
Just come back
Come come come sit
Son, I won't leave when I come back this time, right? I won't leave.
I work as a security guard at Yeshu, old woman
Rent paid